SALTO-1539 Netsuite Config Doc References Are Broken (#2335)
salto-io/salto: packages/netsuite-adapter/config_doc.md

| deploy.warnOnStaleWorkspaceData                            | false                   | If assigned 'true' runs a validation upon deploy which warns the user if the changes override other changes made in the service since the last fetch
| concurrencyLimit                                    | The higher value between `suiteAppConcurrencyLimit` and `sdfConcurrencyLimit`                    | Limits the max number of concurrent API calls (Both SDF calls and Salto SuiteApp calls). The number should not exceed the concurrency limit enforced by the upstream service.

### Fetch include configuration options

| Name                           | Default when undefined  | Description
| -------------------------------| ------------------------| -----------
| types                          | fetch all types         | Specify which types to include on fetch
| fileCabinet                    | fetch all files         | Specify which Files to include on fetch

### Fetch exclude configuration options
| Name                           | Default when undefined  | Description
| -------------------------------| ------------------------| -----------

> | types                          | no types are excluded  | Specify which types to exclude on fetch
> | fileCabinet                    | no files are excluded  | Specify which files to exclude on fetch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| types                          | no types are excluded   | Specify which types to exclude on fetch
| fileCabinet                    | no files are excluded   | Specify which files to exclude on fetch
```

> | types                          | non types are excluded  | Specify which types to exclude on fetch
> | fileCabinet                    | non files are excluded  | Specify which Files to include on fetch

Reviewer: There are some nits I can find here for example what I mentioned here, but generally I think that this should align with what we already do in Salesforce. i.e. have a section for `fetch` and within it have 2 sections for `include` and `exclude`. In addition, I think that it would be best to have the messages similar between the adapters when possible.
```suggestion
| types                          | no types are excluded  | Specify which types to exclude on fetch
| fileCabinet                    | no files are excluded  | Specify which files to exclude on fetch
```

| Name                           | Default when undefined  | Description
| -------------------------------| ------------------------| -----------
| types                          | {}                      | A map of a type name to a list of regexes of script ids. Any object whose script id matches any of the regexes of its type will be skipped
| filePaths                      | []                      | A list of regexes of file paths. Any file whose path matches any of the regexes will be skipped

### Salto deploy flags
| Name                           | Default when undefined  | Description
| -------------------------------| ------------------------| -----------

> | deployReferencedElements       | false                   | A flag for deploying referenced elements or not

Reviewer 2: 1. now we have the `deployReferencedElements` documentation twice in this file, should probably choose one of them (either under the deploy section or under the main section)
2. If we choose to move it to the deploy section, should move the `warnOnStaleWorkspaceData` flag as well (it's a deploy flag too)
